README.md, before:

# Google Cloud Platform Go Samples

[![Kokoro Build Status][kokoro_badge]][kokoro_link]

This repository holds sample code written in Go that demonstrates the Google
Cloud Platform.

Some samples have accompanying guides on
[cloud.google.com](https://cloud.google.com). See respective README files for
details.

## Google Cloud Samples

To browse ready to use code samples check [Google Cloud Samples](https://cloud.google.com/docs/samples?l=go).

## Depending on samples

**Copy any code you need from this repository into your own project.**

Warning: Do not depend directly on the samples in this repo. Breaking changes
may be made at any time without warning.

## Contributing changes

Entirely new samples are not accepted. Bug fixes are welcome, either as pull
requests or as GitHub issues.

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on how to contribute.

## Licensing

Code in this repository is licensed under the Apache 2.0. See [LICENSE](LICENSE).

[kokoro_badge]: https://storage.googleapis.com/cloud-devrel-kokoro-resources/go/golang-samples/system_tests-ubuntu.png
[kokoro_link]: https://fusion.corp.google.com/projectanalysis/current/KOKORO/prod%3Acloud-devrel%2Fgo%2Fgolang-samples%2Fsystem_tests

Commit message:

fix: update sample acceptance policy

README.md, after:

# Google Cloud Platform Go Samples

[![Kokoro Build Status][kokoro_badge]][kokoro_link]

This repository holds sample code written in Go that demonstrates the Google
Cloud Platform.

Some samples have accompanying guides on
[cloud.google.com](https://cloud.google.com). See respective README files for
details.

## Google Cloud Samples

To browse ready to use code samples check [Google Cloud Samples](https://cloud.google.com/docs/samples?l=go).

## Depending on samples

**Copy any code you need from this repository into your own project.**

Warning: Do not depend directly on the samples in this repo. Breaking changes
may be made at any time without warning.

## Contributing changes

Interested in contributing a new sample? Please open an issue describing the intended sample. Additionally, bug fixes are welcome, either as pull requests or as GitHub issues.

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on how to contribute.

## Licensing

Code in this repository is licensed under the Apache 2.0. See [LICENSE](LICENSE).

[kokoro_badge]: https://storage.googleapis.com/cloud-devrel-kokoro-resources/go/golang-samples/system_tests-ubuntu.png
[kokoro_link]: https://fusion.corp.google.com/projectanalysis/current/KOKORO/prod%3Acloud-devrel%2Fgo%2Fgolang-samples%2Fsystem_tests
